<div class="c14 c48"><p class="c7 c15"><span class="c19 c8 c21">CAT 2A: Musicking, Identity, and Media</span></p><p class="c7 c15"><span class="c0">Winter 2022</span></p><p class="c7 c15"><span class="c9">Center 101: Tues/Thurs 11am-12:20pm</span></p><p class="c10"><span class="c8">Instructor: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Prof. Joe Bigham&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Zoom Office: </span><span class="c2 c14"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://ucsd.zoom.us/my/djbigham&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123655800&amp;usg=AOvVaw02SXBBbVBJ0UTDLFqCqn8k">https://ucsd.zoom.us/my/djbigham</a></span></p><p class="c10"><span class="c19 c8 c21">Email: dbigham@ucsd.edu&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Office Hours: Tues 9:30am-10:30am, Fri 10:30-11:30a</span></p><p class="c10 c17"><span class="c0"></span></p><p class="c10"><span class="c6 c19">Course Description</span></p><p class="c10"><span class="c0">CAT 2 is a 6-unit course and Is the first part of Sixth’s writing intensive sequence. While the topics of CAT 2 range, all generally explore an intersection of culture, art, and technology that has occurred in the contemporary moment. The overarching purpose of CAT 2 is to build on those skills developed in CAT 1 (critical reading and writing as process) and teach students argumentative writing and critical analysis.</span></p><p class="c10 c17"><span class="c0"></span></p><p class="c10"><span class="c6 c19">Course Topic</span></p><p class="c10"><span class="c9">Within academic studies of music, a dramatic shift in scholarship reframes music as something we actively”do” for purposes that go beyond entertainment. Christopher Small coined the term “Musicking” to describe one mode of this musical participation as a reflection of contemporary social ordering. Tia De Nora theorized music as part of the process of self-identification and social grouping. For the half of this course, we will consider these theories relative to our own personal musickings. In the second half of the course, we will see how musicking is negotiated and frequently debated through different media forms to define ourselves in the present moment. We will develop our writing abilities through describing subjective experiences of sound, analyzing the use of music in contemporary US culture, and hypothesizing the role of technology in various musical activities.</span></p><p class="c10 c17"><span class="c0"></span></p><p class="c10"><span class="c6 c19">Course Objectives</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c9 c21 c38">Building off what you learned in CAT 1, by the end of this course you should be able to:</span></p><ul class="c39 lst-kix_z75ezz5r6lmt-0 start"><li class="c5 li-bullet-0"><span class="c9">P</span><span class="c26 c9 c21">ractice clear prose that advances the rhetorical purpose &amp; choose a tone that is appropriate to the subject and audience.</span></li><li class="c5 li-bullet-0"><span class="c26 c9 c21">Craft and organize a compelling argument and support it with relevant and carefully-evaluated evidence.</span></li><li class="c5 li-bullet-0"><span class="c9 c21 c26">Synthesize a variety of sources and points of view on a single topic (i.e. in service of an argument) </span></li><li class="c5 li-bullet-0"><span class="c26 c9 c21">Practice proper citation and documentation of sources, including in multimodal assignments.</span></li><li class="c5 li-bullet-0"><span class="c9 c54">Develop your own writing voice, using revision to hone your argument and reflect on your own writing practice. &nbsp;</span></li></ul><p class="c12"><span class="c6">Core Concepts</span><span class="c0">:</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c9 c58">By the end of CAT 2, you should be able to understand and define the following terms/ideas:</span></p><ul class="c39 lst-kix_ho3narm0d13w-0 start"><li class="c12 c30 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">Genre &amp; Medium/Mode</span></li><li class="c12 c30 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">Interdisciplinarity</span></li><li class="c12 c30 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">Form &amp; Content</span></li><li class="c12 c30 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">Parts of an Argument</span></li></ul><p class="c10 c17"><span class="c0"></span></p><p class="c10"><span class="c6 c19">Required Texts/Technology</span></p><ul class="c39 lst-kix_qrx06wiw6pqb-0 start"><li class="c10 c30 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">&nbsp;Access to Canvas</span></li><li class="c10 c30 li-bullet-0"><span class="c9 c58">&nbsp;They Say, I Say</span><span class="c9">&nbsp;CAT Edition</span></li></ul><p class="c7 c15 c17"><span class="c19 c8 c21"></span></p><p class="c7 c15 c17"><span class="c19 c8 c21"></span></p><p class="c7 c15"><span class="c19 c8 c21">Program Policies</span></p><p class="c10"><span class="c19 c8 c21">&nbsp;`&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`</span></p><p class="c10"><span class="c6 c19">Communication</span></p><p class="c10"><span class="c9">In CAT, it is our hope that in this course we will develop a supportive learning community that fosters discussion, engagement, and excitement. Often, we will engage in the course material through the sharing of ideas, questions, and personal experiences. “Honesty, listening for understanding, a willingness to share your ideas, and respect for self and others” are basic guidelines that can help create a positive learning environment. Your participation and feedback is important to the success of the course and I welcome your thoughts throughout the term on how we might improve class processes that will encourage effective communication and dialogue.</span></p><p class="c10 c17"><span class="c0"></span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c6">Statement of Inclusion:</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c9">I believe very strongly that the classroom is a place to expand our knowledge and experiences safely, while being respected and valued. I support the values of UC San Diego to “create a diverse, equitable, and inclusive campus in which students, faculty, and staff can thrive”. I strive to uphold the values articulated by the Office of the </span><span class="c9 c45">Vice Chancellor for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion</span><span class="c9">: “We believe that true excellence is achieved through productive relationships among people of diverse perspectives. When the collective talents of our students, faculty, and staff at UC San Diego are united in an environment that is open and inclusive, creativity and innovation prosper.” I hope you will join me in creating a class that upholds these values to further enhance our learning as a community.</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c6 c19">&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c6 c19">Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c9">Students requesting accommodations for this course due to a disability should (if needed) provide a current Authorization for Accommodation (AFA) letter issued by the Office for Students with Disabilities (OSD) which is located in University Center 202 behind Center Hall. Students are then required to present their AFA letters to Faculty (please make arrangements to contact your professor privately) and to the OSD Liaison in the department in advance so that accommodations may be arranged. No retroactive accommodations can be provided. &nbsp;The CAT OSD liaison is Lynette Brossard: </span><span class="c2"><a class="c1" href="mailto:lbrossard@ucsd.edu">lbrossard@ucsd.edu</a></span><span class="c9">. </span></p><p class="c12 c17"><span class="c6 c19"></span></p><p class="c10 c17"><span class="c6 c19"></span></p><p class="c10"><span class="c6 c19">CalFresh &amp; Basic Needs Information</span></p><p class="c10"><span class="c9">If you are facing food insecurity, we encourage you to contact </span><span class="c8">calfresh@ucsd.edu</span><span class="c9">, call (858) 246-5581, or visit the</span><span class="c9 c45">&nbsp;</span><span class="c2"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://basicneeds.ucsd.edu/food-security/calfresh/index.html&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123661628&amp;usg=AOvVaw0Cm6FhAc91b0AbBKoPytbp">CalFresh Website</a></span><span class="c9">. For more information on food and housing resources, please visit the </span><span class="c2"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://basicneeds.ucsd.edu/&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123662024&amp;usg=AOvVaw2iYoaxkwrsP_3PdkJr-HgB">Basic Needs Center</a></span><span class="c9">&nbsp;or </span><span class="c8">The HUB Basic Needs Center </span><span class="c9">located at the </span><span class="c0 c14">Original Student Center, Building A, Room E-100, to the left of the Triton Food Pantry.</span></p><p class="c10 c17"><span class="c0"></span></p><p class="c10"><span class="c9">&nbsp;</span><span class="c6 c19">Assignment Submission and Late Work</span></p><ul class="c39 lst-kix_daymfiykg2m2-0 start"><li class="c10 c30 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">All major assignments require you to submit a rough draft before the final due date. While the draft does not count towards your grade, failure to submit a draft will result in the loss of a letter grade on the final submission.</span></li><li class="c10 c30 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">In order to receive a letter grade, all assignments must be submitted through Turnitin on Canvas. </span></li><li class="c10 c30 li-bullet-0"><span class="c9">For each day work is late, your grade goes down by ⅓ of a letter. If the assignment is more than a week late, you will receive an F. </span></li></ul><p class="c10"><span class="c6 c19">Academic Integrity</span></p><p class="c29 c15"><span class="c9">UCSD has a university-wide Policy on Integrity of Scholarship, published annually in the General Catalog, and online</span><span class="c9"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://academicintegrity.ucsd.edu/&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123663282&amp;usg=AOvVaw24lTjQUkQKTA5jGwrJpCGP">&nbsp;</a></span><span class="c35 c9 c63"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://academicintegrity.ucsd.edu/&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123663576&amp;usg=AOvVaw2JE9g81pQ0Di5G-w__WUdj">https://academicintegrity.ucsd.edu/</a></span><span class="c9">. All students must read and be familiar with this Policy. All suspected violations of academic integrity will be reported to UCSD’s Academic Integrity Coordinator. Students found to have violated UCSD’s standards for academic integrity may include suspension or dismissal, and academic sanctions may include failure of the assignment or failure of the course.</span></p><p class="c10 c17"><span class="c0"></span></p><p class="c15 c50"><span class="c8">Course Policies</span></p><p class="c10"><span class="c6 c19">Peer Review, Self-Evaluation, and Reflection</span></p><p class="c10"><span class="c0">Self-assessment, reflection, and collaboration are core components of the first year writing program at UCSD. In this class (and CAT broadly), you will do a fair amount of peer review, revision, working in groups, and reflection on your work. That is, be prepared both to receive and offer constructive criticism and re-work your writing, presentations, etc. </span></p><ul class="c39 lst-kix_3oabhg5cvm29-0 start"><li class="c10 c30 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">Peer Review will happen regularly, so be prepared to work with your peers and offer constructive critique and receive feedback.</span></li><li class="c10 c30 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">Revision will be a crucial component of each major assignment. Failure to revise an assignment and/or participate in peer review will lower your final assignment grade by ⅓ a letter grade. </span></li><li class="c10 c30 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">Self-Evaluations and Reflections are also a crucial part of this course. I will ask you do reflections on your work throughout the term and a final reflective portfolio. If you fail to do a reflection, it will lower your final assignment grade by ⅓ a letter grade.</span></li><li class="c12 c30 li-bullet-0"><span class="c2"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_9W4_KHs4CTBqNXZ85s0OMDT1Lsnj8defDKMyh96r0Q/edit?usp%3Dsharing&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123664952&amp;usg=AOvVaw0J0JkJnWmzfaGgIXykCfcs">Grade Contesting Policy</a></span><span class="c9">&nbsp;(Must be done before Monday of Finals Week).</span></li></ul><p class="c12"><span class="c35 c9">&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c12 c17"><span class="c6 c19"></span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c6 c19">Attendance</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">Attendance in lecture and discussion are very important. Lecture attendance ensures that you understand and can ask questions about the specificities of your topic. Discussion sections build community and provide a space to work through your ideas and engage with your peers. Below are the suggested attendance policies for discussion sections:</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c9">&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c38 c9 c21">For Section:</span></p><ul class="c39 lst-kix_isrmn2zbuw5m-0 start"><li class="c12 c30 li-bullet-0"><span class="c9">You are allowed 4 unexcused absences (i.e. 2 weeks of CAT 2). For every absence after 4, you will lose 1/3 a letter grade of your overall grade.</span></li></ul><p class="c12 c17"><span class="c6 c19"></span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c6">Section and Lecture Participation Grading</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">CAT courses are designed to support and strengthen your communication and thinking skills. Your participation in the course is required for the development of these skills and will be assessed according to the following rubric: </span></p><p class="c12 c17"><span class="c0"></span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c8">Excellent (10)- </span><span class="c0">You are well prepared for lecture and section, demonstrated by: having all your materials; consistently contributing to discussion; asking productive questions; listening actively and taking notes; engaging in group work; supporting and respecting other students; respecting TAs, the instructor and course material; attending office hours; coming to lecture and section on time and staying for the entire class time; taking responsibility for any work or material missed if absent; overall proactive.</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c8">Good (9) - </span><span class="c0">You are usually prepared for lecture and section, demonstrated by: contributing to discussion; listening actively; engaging in group work; respecting other students; respecting TAs, the instructor, and course material; mostly coming to lecture and section on time and staying for the entire class time; overall responsible.</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c8">Adequate (8) -</span><span class="c0">&nbsp;You are inconsistently prepared for lecture and section, demonstrated by: rarely contributing to discussion; missing materials; managing time poorly; working well with others, but unable to contribute fairly; respecting TAs, instructor, and course materials; mostly coming to lecture and section on time and staying for the entire class time; overall, inconsistent.</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c8">Developing (7) - </span><span class="c0">You are physically present but mentally disengaged from the course, demonstrated by: never contributing to discussion in lecture or section; consistently coming to class late or leaving early; working well with others, but unable to contribute fairly; failing to develop any relationships with TAs and/or instructor; overall, disengaged.</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c8">Unacceptable (5) - </span><span class="c0">You demonstrate through behavior and/or language that you are uninterested in learning; or, alternatively, you are regularly disrespectful of other students, TAs, the instructor, or course material.</span></p><p class="c10 c17"><span class="c19 c35 c9"></span></p><p class="c29 c15 c17"><span class="c19 c8 c21"></span></p><p class="c15 c56"><span class="c19 c8 c21">Assignments and Grade Breakdown</span></p><p class="c15 c17 c29"><span class="c0"></span></p><p class="c29 c15"><span class="c19 c35 c9">Major Assignments - 55%</span></p><p class="c10"><span class="c9">{Major Assignments should follow the pattern of drafts, review, final draft. Ideally, these build off the smaller assignments}</span></p><ol class="c39 lst-kix_dki2v42daisb-0 start" start="1"><li class="c3 li-bullet-0"><span class="c9">Encoding/Decoding of Musicking Essay 25%</span></li><li class="c3 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">Superbowl Halftime Show Debate Essay 25%</span></li><li class="c3 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">Final Reflective Portfolio 5%</span></li></ol><p class="c29 c15 c17"><span class="c0"></span></p><p class="c29 c15"><span class="c35 c9">Minor Assignments - 30%</span></p><ol class="c39 lst-kix_2tn98cn7ljud-0 start" start="1"><li class="c3 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">Short Assignment 1: Subjective Experience of Music 10%</span></li><li class="c3 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">Short Assignment 2: Annotated Spotify Playlist 10%</span></li><li class="c3 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">Short Assignment 3: Musical NFT Debate 10%</span></li></ol><p class="c29 c15 c17"><span class="c0"></span></p><p class="c29 c15"><span class="c19 c35 c9">Section and Lecture Engagement - 15% </span></p><ol class="c39 lst-kix_bbdpp07xnwfu-0 start" start="1"><li class="c3 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">10% Section participation and attendance</span></li><li class="c3 li-bullet-0"><span class="c9">5% Lecture participation and attendance (sign-in sheets, online discussion forums, quizzes)</span></li></ol><p class="c40 c15 c17"><span class="c6 c19"></span></p><p class="c40 c15 c17"><span class="c6 c19"></span></p><p class="c40 c15 c17"><span class="c6 c19"></span></p><p class="c40 c15 c17"><span class="c6 c19"></span></p><p class="c40 c15"><span class="c6 c19">Grading Policies</span></p><ul class="c39 lst-kix_s32qu95zcf32-0 start"><li class="c40 c30 c15 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">Failure to turn in the major writing assignments will result in a failure of the course, regardless of numerical grade.</span></li><li class="c40 c30 c15 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">Grades are assigned by letter and correspond to specific numerical percentages. Limitations on possible points enable more effective holistic grading on essay assignments, as well as discourage arguments over points.</span></li></ul><p class="c40 c15"><span class="c0">&nbsp;</span></p><a id="t.c278a44534ec4b320dc509c6c7a4b074a8e95907"></a><a id="t.0"></a><table class="c47"><tbody><tr class="c60"><td class="c23" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c32 c15"><span class="c0">Assignment Type</span></p></td><td class="c51" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c32 c15"><span class="c0">Excellent</span></p></td><td class="c51" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c32 c15"><span class="c0">Good</span></p></td><td class="c43" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c32 c15"><span class="c0">Adequate</span></p></td><td class="c33" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c32 c15"><span class="c0">Developing</span></p></td><td class="c42" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c32 c15"><span class="c0">Incomplete or Inappropriate</span></p></td></tr><tr class="c61"><td class="c23" colspan="1" rowspan="3"><p class="c32 c15"><span class="c0">Major</span></p></td><td class="c51" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c32 c15"><span class="c0">A+ = 97</span></p></td><td class="c51" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c32 c15"><span class="c0">B+ = 87</span></p></td><td class="c43" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c15 c32"><span class="c0">C+ = 77</span></p></td><td class="c33" colspan="1" rowspan="3"><p class="c32 c15"><span class="c0">D = 65</span></p></td><td class="c42" colspan="1" rowspan="3"><p class="c32 c15"><span class="c0">F = 50</span></p></td></tr><tr class="c55"><td class="c41" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c32 c15"><span class="c0">A = 95</span></p></td><td class="c41" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c32 c15"><span class="c0">B = 85</span></p></td><td class="c31" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c32 c15"><span class="c0">C = 75</span></p></td></tr><tr class="c46"><td class="c41" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c32 c15"><span class="c0">A- = 91</span></p></td><td class="c41" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c32 c15"><span class="c0">B- = 81</span></p></td><td class="c31" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c32 c15"><span class="c0">C- = 71</span></p></td></tr><tr class="c46"><td class="c23" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c32 c15"><span class="c0">Minor</span></p></td><td class="c51" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c32 c15"><span class="c0">10</span></p></td><td class="c51" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c32 c15"><span class="c0">9</span></p></td><td class="c43" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c32 c15"><span class="c0">8</span></p></td><td class="c33" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7 c15"><span class="c0">7</span></p></td><td class="c42" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7 c15"><span class="c0">5</span></p></td></tr><tr class="c46"><td class="c23" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c32 c15"><span class="c0">Complete/ Incomplete</span></p></td><td class="c53" colspan="3" rowspan="1"><p class="c32 c15"><span class="c0">10</span></p></td><td class="c16" colspan="2" rowspan="1"><p class="c7 c15"><span class="c0">0</span></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p class="c15 c40"><span class="c0">&nbsp;</span></p><ul class="c39 lst-kix_o2q7h06k1nsh-0 start"><li class="c40 c30 c15 li-bullet-0"><span class="c9">For purposes of </span><span class="c8">final course grades</span><span class="c0">&nbsp;as calculated by Canvas’s gradebook the following ranges will determine letter grades submitted to eGrades:</span></li></ul><ul class="c39 lst-kix_o2q7h06k1nsh-1 start"><li class="c37 c15 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">A+ (96.6-100)</span></li><li class="c37 c15 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">A (93.6-96.5)</span></li><li class="c37 c15 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">A- (89.6-93.5)</span></li><li class="c15 c37 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">B+ (86.6-89.5)</span></li><li class="c37 c15 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">B (83.6-86.5)</span></li><li class="c37 c15 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">B- (79.6-83.5)</span></li><li class="c37 c15 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">C+ (76.6-79.5)</span></li><li class="c37 c15 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">C (73.6-76.5)</span></li><li class="c37 c15 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">C- (69.6-73.5)</span></li><li class="c37 c15 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">D (60-69.5)</span></li><li class="c37 c15 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">F (0-59.9)<br></span></li></ul><ul class="c39 lst-kix_o2q7h06k1nsh-0"><li class="c40 c30 c15 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">All disputes over grades must be conducted according to the following guidelines:</span></li></ul><ul class="c39 lst-kix_o2q7h06k1nsh-1 start"><li class="c37 c15 li-bullet-0"><span class="c19 c8 c21">Wait 48 hours after receiving a grade before disputing it.</span></li><li class="c37 c15 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">Contact your TA for an appointment to discuss the grade.</span></li><li class="c37 c15 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">Attend your appointment having read the TA’s comments and the CAT rubric thoroughly.</span></li><li class="c37 c15 li-bullet-0"><span class="c0">Only after you have discussed your essay with your TA may you request a regrade from the course instructor. Regrades will be conducted at the end of the quarter.</span></li></ul><p class="c29 c15 c17"><span class="c0"></span></p><p class="c29 c15"><span class="c6 c19">TA Information</span></p><p class="c29 c15 c17"><span class="c0"></span></p><a id="t.2c0cb4ca5f140c1eb0554fc12db9021597d97c50"></a><a id="t.1"></a><table class="c36"><tbody><tr class="c18"><td class="c27 c44" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">TA Name</span></p></td><td class="c25 c44" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Section #</span></p></td><td class="c4 c44" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Tues/Thu<br>Time</span></p></td><td class="c20 c44" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Location</span></p></td><td class="c34 c44" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Email </span></p></td><td class="c24 c44" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">TA Zoom Room</span></p></td></tr><tr class="c18"><td class="c27" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Ziyang Li</span></p></td><td class="c25" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">A01</span></p></td><td class="c4" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">8-8:50am</span></p></td><td class="c20" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Center 202</span></p></td><td class="c34" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">zil042@ucsd.edu</span></p></td><td class="c24" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c6 c11 c14 c45"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://zoom.us/j/98420375424?pwd%3DT29uMzAycUc1ZjJtOU9PeHhsQzJ1Zz09&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123691236&amp;usg=AOvVaw2eS-NfwB9qo0Qw8PMpABhh">https://zoom.us/j/98420375424?pwd=T29uMzAycUc1ZjJtOU9PeHhsQzJ1Zz09</a></span></p><p class="c7"><span class="c9 c62 c11 c14">Passcode: eTQ5kM</span></p></td></tr><tr class="c18"><td class="c27" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Ziyang Li</span></p></td><td class="c25" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">A02</span></p></td><td class="c4" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">9-9:50am</span></p></td><td class="c20" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Center 202</span></p></td><td class="c34" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">zil042@ucsd.edu</span></p></td><td class="c24" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c6 c11 c14 c45"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://zoom.us/j/98420375424?pwd%3DT29uMzAycUc1ZjJtOU9PeHhsQzJ1Zz09&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123694082&amp;usg=AOvVaw2WH6uPZbnvnYRKynITlF5s">https://zoom.us/j/98420375424?pwd=T29uMzAycUc1ZjJtOU9PeHhsQzJ1Zz09</a></span></p><p class="c7"><span class="c9 c11 c14 c62">Passcode: eTQ5kM</span></p></td></tr><tr class="c18"><td class="c27" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Alaric Lopez</span></p></td><td class="c25" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">A03</span></p></td><td class="c4" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">10-10:50am</span></p></td><td class="c20" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Center 202</span></p></td><td class="c34" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">awl001@ucsd.edu</span></p></td><td class="c24" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c2 c11"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/6664920597?pwd%3DNE5MRnBXNEIwTVU3Vk5tM3ZNZWlOUT09&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123697486&amp;usg=AOvVaw0sJz3Lln61Ogcpdprr6M1D">https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/6664920597?pwd=NE5MRnBXNEIwTVU3Vk5tM3ZNZWlOUT09</a></span></p><p class="c7"><span class="c9 c14 c49">Password: NCMIN00!</span></p></td></tr><tr class="c18"><td class="c27" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Samuel Ridge</span></p></td><td class="c25" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">A04</span></p></td><td class="c4" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">1-1:50pm</span></p></td><td class="c20" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Center 202</span></p></td><td class="c34" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">siridge@ucsd.edu</span></p></td><td class="c24" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c2 c11"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/3495915792&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123700183&amp;usg=AOvVaw22Hkofyu9ujANDjmxNvTeD">https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/3495915792</a></span></p></td></tr><tr class="c18"><td class="c27" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Samuel Ridge</span></p></td><td class="c25" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">A05</span></p></td><td class="c4" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">2-2:50pm</span></p></td><td class="c20" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Center 202</span></p></td><td class="c34" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">siridge@ucsd.edu</span></p></td><td class="c24" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c2 c11"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/3495915792&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123702473&amp;usg=AOvVaw1_lcFjj18-oFLU3Ycd5zTC">https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/3495915792</a></span></p></td></tr><tr class="c18"><td class="c27" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Drew Kerr</span></p></td><td class="c25" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">A06</span></p></td><td class="c4" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">3-3:50pm</span></p></td><td class="c20" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Remote</span></p></td><td class="c34" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">ankerr@ucsd.edu</span></p></td><td class="c24" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c2 c11"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/7989324818&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123704632&amp;usg=AOvVaw1srMT46My4qhdHlIgtoNms">https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/7989324818</a></span></p></td></tr><tr class="c18"><td class="c27" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Maggie Wei Wu</span></p></td><td class="c25" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">A07</span></p></td><td class="c4" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">4-4:50pm</span></p></td><td class="c20" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Remote </span></p></td><td class="c34" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">w5wu@ucsd.edu</span></p></td><td class="c24" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c2 c11"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/92676437021&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123707110&amp;usg=AOvVaw27oTXt1uyYcftTwF0pLg9g">https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/92676437021</a></span></p></td></tr><tr class="c18"><td class="c27" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Maggie Wei Wu</span></p></td><td class="c25" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">A08</span></p></td><td class="c4" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">5-5:50pm</span></p></td><td class="c20" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Center 202</span></p></td><td class="c34" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">w5wu@ucsd.edu</span></p></td><td class="c24" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c2 c11"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/97098235573&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123709396&amp;usg=AOvVaw34NSW3OgYya7RFKRdqneSe">https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/97098235573</a></span></p></td></tr><tr class="c18"><td class="c27" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Alissa Tu</span></p></td><td class="c25" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">A09</span></p></td><td class="c4" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">9-9:50am</span></p></td><td class="c20" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Center 204</span></p></td><td class="c34" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">amtu@ucsd.edu</span></p></td><td class="c24" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c2 c11"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://ucsd.zoom.us/my/alissamktu&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123712074&amp;usg=AOvVaw1HjcsIY1NQ_HfT6IWfL1Rl">https://ucsd.zoom.us/my/alissamktu</a></span></p></td></tr><tr class="c18"><td class="c27" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Hannah Hyun White</span></p></td><td class="c25" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">A10</span></p></td><td class="c4" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">8-8:50am</span></p></td><td class="c20" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">HSS 1106B</span></p></td><td class="c34" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">hhwhite@ucsd.edu</span></p></td><td class="c24" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c2 c11"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://ucsd.zoom.us/my/hannahhyun&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123714971&amp;usg=AOvVaw3U_kLBuiRdrXF3aMXPnALU">https://ucsd.zoom.us/my/hannahhyun</a></span></p></td></tr><tr class="c18"><td class="c27" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Alaric Lopez</span></p></td><td class="c25" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">A11</span></p></td><td class="c4" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">9-9:50am</span></p></td><td class="c20" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Center 208</span></p></td><td class="c34" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">awl001@ucsd.edu</span></p></td><td class="c24" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c2 c11"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/6664920597?pwd%3DNE5MRnBXNEIwTVU3Vk5tM3ZNZWlOUT09&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123717200&amp;usg=AOvVaw2L7IsftTy8_Jp5ogIAX1N_">https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/6664920597?pwd=NE5MRnBXNEIwTVU3Vk5tM3ZNZWlOUT09</a></span></p><p class="c7"><span class="c49 c9 c14">Password: NCMIN00!</span></p></td></tr><tr class="c59"><td class="c27" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Aminta Dunn</span></p></td><td class="c25" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">A12</span></p></td><td class="c4" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">10-10:50am</span></p></td><td class="c20" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">HSS 1106B</span></p></td><td class="c34" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">amdunn@ucsd.edu</span></p></td><td class="c24" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c2 c11"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://zoom.us/j/8430861491?pwd%3DdkYrZWhDTEViQWVGbmlqc2YzMEJadz09&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123720585&amp;usg=AOvVaw1Qjl7cQnGK2MOaX7lCrXyF">https://zoom.us/j/8430861491?pwd=dkYrZWhDTEViQWVGbmlqc2YzMEJadz09</a></span></p></td></tr><tr class="c18"><td class="c27" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Hannah Hyun White</span></p></td><td class="c25" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">A13</span></p></td><td class="c4" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">9-9:50am</span></p></td><td class="c20" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">HSS 1106B</span></p></td><td class="c34" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">hhwhite@ucsd.edu</span></p></td><td class="c24" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c2 c11"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://ucsd.zoom.us/my/hannahhyun&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123723582&amp;usg=AOvVaw3a243npqbC4hhhmbmh3Vgm">https://ucsd.zoom.us/my/hannahhyun</a></span></p></td></tr><tr class="c18"><td class="c27" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Shelly Shi</span></p></td><td class="c25" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">A14</span></p></td><td class="c4" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">5-5:50pm</span></p></td><td class="c20" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">HSS 1138</span></p></td><td class="c34" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">yis007@ucsd.edu</span></p></td><td class="c24" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c2 c11"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/7953945457&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123726490&amp;usg=AOvVaw3SvTVT34ly2B8ctoQtDZ3A">https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/7953945457</a></span></p></td></tr><tr class="c18"><td class="c27" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Alissa Tu</span></p></td><td class="c25" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">A15</span></p></td><td class="c4" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">10-10:50am</span></p></td><td class="c20" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Center 204</span></p></td><td class="c34" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">amtu@ucsd.edu</span></p></td><td class="c24" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c2 c11"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://ucsd.zoom.us/my/alissamktu&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123728590&amp;usg=AOvVaw26HA9j_QyD9uovr7h1mKF2">https://ucsd.zoom.us/my/alissamktu</a></span></p></td></tr><tr class="c18"><td class="c27" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Shelly Shi</span></p></td><td class="c25" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">A16</span></p></td><td class="c4" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">4-4:50pm</span></p></td><td class="c20" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">HSS 1106B</span></p></td><td class="c34" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">yis007@ucsd.edu</span></p></td><td class="c24" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c2 c11"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/7953945457&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123731101&amp;usg=AOvVaw3Cm_zdFPXAq94tHooA1FaK">https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/7953945457</a></span></p></td></tr><tr class="c18"><td class="c27" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Drew Kerr</span></p></td><td class="c25" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">A17</span></p></td><td class="c4" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">5-5:50pm</span></p></td><td class="c20" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Remote</span></p></td><td class="c34" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">ankerr@ucsd.edu</span></p></td><td class="c24" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c2 c11"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/7989324818&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123734037&amp;usg=AOvVaw09AWNgg2O9uUvppdeRwh0z">https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/7989324818</a></span></p></td></tr><tr class="c18"><td class="c27" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">Aminta Dunn</span></p></td><td class="c25" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">A18</span></p></td><td class="c4" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">1-1:50pm</span></p></td><td class="c20" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">CTL B108</span></p></td><td class="c34" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c0">amdunn@ucsd.edu</span></p></td><td class="c24" colspan="1" rowspan="1"><p class="c7"><span class="c2 c11"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://zoom.us/j/8430861491?pwd%3DdkYrZWhDTEViQWVGbmlqc2YzMEJadz09&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123736686&amp;usg=AOvVaw2CRglfpQ8AdnrKt-sG2oVc">https://zoom.us/j/8430861491?pwd=dkYrZWhDTEViQWVGbmlqc2YzMEJadz09</a></span></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p class="c10 c17"><span class="c19 c8 c21"></span></p><p class="c7 c15"><span class="c19 c8 c21">Course Schedule</span></p><p class="c10 c17"><span class="c0"></span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c19 c35 c9">UNIT 1: Music and “Self”</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c19 c8 c21">Week 1: Course Introduction, Musicking, Writing About Sound and Music</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">Reading:</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">Tues: review course syllabus</span></p><p class="c12 c17"><span class="c0"></span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">Thurs: &nbsp;Stuart Hall. Encoding/Decoding</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c9">Christopher Small. &nbsp;1998. Musicking: The Meanings of Performing and Listening. Middletown: Wesleyan University Press.</span><span class="c2"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://muse.jhu.edu/&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123738563&amp;usg=AOvVaw3k4pq62ayImOVftr1PcbCS">&nbsp;</a></span><span class="c0">https://muse.jhu.edu/. Read “Prelude” (p1-18)</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c19 c8 c21">Week 2: Using and Experiencing Music in Everyday Life</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c19 c8 c21">Short Assignment: Subjective Experience of Music due Friday at 11:59pm</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">Reading:</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">Tues: TSIS chapters for this week: Ch. 4 “Three ways to respond” &amp; Ch. 7 “Saying why it matters”</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">&nbsp;Gaitskill, Mary. “Nowhere Girl.” In How To Write About Music, p73-75.</span></p><p class="c12 c17"><span class="c0"></span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">Thurs: De Nora, Tia. 2000. Music in Everyday Life. Chapter 3, p47-74.</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">Optional: De Nora, Tia. 2000. Music in Everyday Life. Chapter 4, p74-120.</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c19 c8 c21">Week 3: Music and Subjectivity, Listening</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c19 c8 c21">Due: Draft of Encoding/Decoding of Musicking Essay due Friday at 11:59pm</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">Reading:</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">Tues: R.Murray Schafer. “The Music of The Environment.” In Audio Culture: Readings In Modern Music, p29-39.</span></p><p class="c12 c17"><span class="c0"></span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">Thurs: Oliveros, Pauline. “Some Sound Observations.” In Audio Culture: Readings In Modern Music p102-106. </span></p><p class="c12 c17"><span class="c0"></span></p><p class="c12 c17"><span class="c0"></span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c19 c8 c21">Week 4: Listening Technologies: Environments, Headphones, and Spotify</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">Reading:</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">Tues: Musicking: The Meanings of Performing and Listening. Read Chapter 1, p19-29.</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">Chambers, Iain. “The Aural Walk.” In Audio Cultures. p98-101</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c9">Pierce, David. 2017. “The Secret Hit-making Power of the Spotify Playlists.”</span><span class="c2"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.wired.com/2017/05/secret-hit-making-power-spotify-playlist/&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123741313&amp;usg=AOvVaw3Df7TXyNbBkcAtfJLJnKld">&nbsp;https://www.wired.com/2017/05/secret-hit-making-power-spotify-playlist/</a></span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">Thurs: TSIS chapters for this week: Ch. 5 “Distinguishing what you say from what they say” &amp; Ch. 6 “Planting a naysayer in your text”</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c9">Brandt. Anthony. 2011. “2. How Music Makes Sense” In Sound Reasoning. &nbsp;</span><span class="c2"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://cnx.org/contents/R21GFBYj@21.2:riafuIvy@22/How-Music-Makes-Sense&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123742008&amp;usg=AOvVaw2ibBL8robVYFzqRyxdBDdK">https://cnx.org/contents/R21GFBYj@21.2:riafuIvy@22/How-Music-Makes-Sense</a></span><span class="c0">&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c12 c17"><span class="c19 c35 c9"></span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c19 c35 c9">Unit 2: Music and “Us”</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c19 c8 c21">Week 5: Music Producing and Reinforcing Social Connections</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c19 c8 c21">Final Draft of Encoding/Decoding of Musicking essay due Friday</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">&nbsp;Reading:</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">Tues: Smalls, Christopher “Chapter 3: Sharing With Strangers.” Musicking: The Meanings of Performing and Listening. p39-49.</span></p><p class="c12 c17"><span class="c0"></span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">Thurs: De Nora, Tia. 2000. Music in Everyday Life. selection from Chapter 5, p121-150.</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c19 c8 c21">Week 6: Mediated Socio-Musical Relationships</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c19 c8 c21">Short Assignment: Annotated Spotify Playlist due Friday at 11:59pm</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">Reading:</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">Tues: TSIS chapters for this week: Ch. 34 “Using Visuals, Incorporating Sound”</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">Marshall McLuhan, “Medium is the Message”</span></p><p class="c12 c17"><span class="c0"></span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">Thurs: Frith, Simon. 2002. “Look! Hear! The uneasy relationship of music and television”</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">o &nbsp; Watch Superbowl Halftime Show 2/13</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c19 c8 c21">Week 7: Music Criticism and “Imagined” Communities</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">Reading</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">Watch Superbowl Halftime Show 2/13</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">Tues: TSIS Chapters for this week: Ch. 9 “Academic writing doesn’t mean you can’t use your own voice”</span></p><p class="c12 c17"><span class="c0"></span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c9">Thurs: </span><span class="c0">Superbowl Halftime Show reviews: TBD</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c9">Moses Sumney Live From Blackalachia</span><span class="c2"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.youtube.com/watch?v%3DLX47qMIw_2o&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123744615&amp;usg=AOvVaw1Q9aemXQ-M0UXAwJjmF00o">&nbsp;https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LX47qMIw_2o</a></span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c9">o &nbsp;</span><span class="c2"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://northerntransmissions.com/moses-sumney-live-from-blackalachia/&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123745204&amp;usg=AOvVaw3d5XObz7QWmUxFS-ptpDd5">&nbsp;https://northerntransmissions.com/moses-sumney-live-from-blackalachia/</a></span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c9">o &nbsp;</span><span class="c2"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://pitchfork.com/reviews/albums/moses-sumney-live-from-blackalachia/&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123745578&amp;usg=AOvVaw2GJ-QBToJKWJbmrutvZ9Hb">&nbsp;https://pitchfork.com/reviews/albums/moses-sumney-live-from-blackalachia/</a></span></p><p class="c12 c17"><span class="c19 c8 c21"></span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c8">Week 8: Rhetoric and the Creation of Musical Canons </span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c8">First draft of Superbowl Halftime Show Debate due Friday at 11:59pm</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">Reading/Viewing:</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">Tues: </span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c2"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://pitchfork.com/features/lists-and-guides/best-albums-2021/&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123746588&amp;usg=AOvVaw3TPk24PtOrp1V741VDzSO3">&nbsp;https://pitchfork.com/features/lists-and-guides/best-albums-2021/</a></span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c2"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.npr.org/2018/08/15/638551793/rihanna-is-the-21st-centurys-most-influential-musician&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123747134&amp;usg=AOvVaw3xh5ZLFvEb5p8I4CTccHmo">https://www.npr.org/2018/08/15/638551793/rihanna-is-the-21st-centurys-most-influential-musician</a></span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c9">Thurs: </span><span class="c2"><a class="c1" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.npr.org/2018/07/30/633437514/women-are-the-fabric-of-21st-century-pop&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1647808123747699&amp;usg=AOvVaw3T3oiOCuNYHS8al07cNvUb">https://www.npr.org/2018/07/30/633437514/women-are-the-fabric-of-21st-century-pop</a></span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c19 c8 c21">Week 9: Music and Youtube</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c19 c8 c21">*Individual TA meetings, no section meetings. </span></p><p class="c29 c15"><span class="c8">Short Assignment 3: Musical NFT Debate due Friday at 11:59pm</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c9">Tues: </span><span class="c9">TSIS Chapters for this week: Ch. 11 “Using the Templates to revise”</span></p><p class="c12 c17"><span class="c0"></span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c0">Thurs: Miller, Kiri. 2012. “Ch 5. Music Lessons 2.0” In Playing Along, p155-182</span></p><p class="c12 c17"><span class="c0"></span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c19 c8 c21">Week 10: Course Conclusion</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c19 c8 c21">Final Draft of Superbowl Halftime Show Debate due Friday at 11:59pm</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c9">Tues: Jost, Christopher. 2017 “Professionalism as Style: Music Amateurs on Youtube</span><span class="c0">Short </span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c9">&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c10"><span class="c6 c19">Finals Week</span></p><p class="c12"><span class="c9">Reflective Portfolio due Finals Week, Wednesday by 2:30pm via TritonEd submission.</span></p><p class="c10 c13"><span class="c0"></span></p></div>
